All right so the rest of it really is just kind of a tiny little details.
It's up to you how much detail you honestly want to put in here.
We can you know it's just pretend like this is here's a placeholder for the image.
Whoever made the video can add and text again
right here in the name of the video
supersecret Web cam video because they want it to be a secret but they also want the entire world to
see it and look at this realistically much wider
go of this town at some space.
You can add those thumbs up and thumbs down items.
Just pick an icon put it over here.
You can even just search for thumbs is on.
Yeah.
Run it small.
Makes more sense right.
And can can even copy it put it right next to it and then just find another icon.
Thelma's again thumbs down like the video then just stick someone's face on it because it's a web cam
right.
You get the drift now.
So when you get wide screen whatever you can put an enormous amount of detail into balsamic if you want
to.
But as you've noticed that really did not take me a lot of time and I have a wireframe of a video that
I you know one more time and effort into whatever you actually build yourself.
But once you actually get acquainted with it hopefully by now you are acquainted you can really move
at lightning speed and you can really produce these very very quickly.
Now if I you know wanted to make the next screen at YouTube all you know I could just go up to file
clone current mock up and look I have the same exact thing and I can just move from here and start deleting
things wherever I want and changing things around.
There is more functionality to bosonic I just don't think it's something that you need to be.
You don't need an in-depth Guide to it.
You see what I did.
I learned you know you could learn this very quickly you could slap it together and that's kind of the
beauty of balsamic.
I don't want you to spend an enormous amount of time doing this.
This is if I were kind of shying away from some of the super professional hard core wire framing services
and just moving towards this one which is just kind of fun and everybody kind of looks likes the design
of it once it's all done.
Now when you're done and you're happy with what you've got all you've got to do is just go up to file
and you can save it whatever you want it to be.
Make sure to back it up if you guys are on an older computer.
Make sure that you don't have tons and tons and tons of tabs open it can really kind of slow down your
computer but otherwise just export it to whatever you want.
I like PTF.
That's one of the easiest to view.
Or you just do it as an image.
That's what you end up sending your graphic designer or your developer and they will think 1000 times
over.